Streamline authentication process (#5387)
Icinga/icingaweb2: doc/80-Upgrading.md

## Upgrading to Icinga Web 2.14

**Deprecations**

* Providing a custom user or group backend inside a module's configuration.php is deprecated and won't work as of v2.15.

>   * It will still work as previously under the right circumstances, but will still be broken if it broke beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * It continues to work under the same circumstances as before, and remains broken where it was already broken.
```

Author: done, minus a comma
